Xu Aoyun, you are dreaming
Sister, Young Master Xu, this is to give our Qiao family a way out
Don't just take care of yourself
Yes, Qinghe
You can't just do it for yourself now
And our whole Qiao family?
The Xu family is the top ten in Jiangdong
Can be a servant of the Xu family
What an honor is this?
Who wants to be a servant of the Xu family?
I am Lin Fan's woman
Qiao Qinghe, you have disappointed us so much.
For more than 20 years
Our Qiao family uses all resources to train you
Now our Qiao family is in trouble
I didn't expect you to be so willful
You can't do it for our Qiao family
Sacrifice yourself
Lao Cao
Then why don't you sacrifice yourself
Okay, okay.
You've wasted 5 points and 13
I'll give you one last minute.
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude to the Qiao family.
Not a minute
Young Master Xu, I am the head of the Qiao family
All the affairs of the Qiao family are decided by me
If there is any objection
Addition service
There is also me Qinghe
Are you still not causing enough trouble?
You have to go today or not
Why are you working so hard?
In the end, don't you still have to come with me?
I want to live a lot recently
Come and thank me tonight
Xiaoyu, you have to move Qinghe to smile
You will be worse off than your father
how
Addicted to biting?
Wang wang hahaha
There's no point in talking to a dead dog like you
Come
Kill him!
Take the affinity away
Let him go
you
Don't fight, don't fight
Uncle, can't I go with you?
Count you to take away